README.md, before:

# Market Pattern Search

Search historical market data for similar time ranges using [Dynamic Time Warping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/) distance.

The user provides an end timestamp, a start time of day, and a lookback range in days. We will search the historical data
for similar time ranges, and return the top N matches. The matches are scored using one of several methods, all using
DTW. The default method will run DTW on the highs, lows, and close, and return the average, with double weight on the
close (hlc4). 

The top matches can be viewed using the widget, plotted with Tradingview lightweight charts. Also, projection bands
can be plotted, using the average of the top matches.

## Project Organization
This project was initially generated using the [Cookiecutter Data Science](https://cookiecutter-data-science.drivendata.org) 
template, then trimmed down.

```
├── LICENSE            <- Open-source license if one is chosen
├── Makefile           <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks.
├── pyproject.toml     <- Project configuration file with package metadata for 
│                         market_pattern_search and configuration for tools like black
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                         generated with `pip-compile requirements.in`
└── market_pattern_search   <- Source code for use in this project.
```

--------

Commit message:

Rename to market-span-cluster

README.md, after:

# Market Span Cluster

Search historical market data for similar time ranges using [Dynamic Time Warping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/) distance.

The user provides an end timestamp, a start time of day, and a lookback range in days. We will search the historical data
for similar time ranges, and return the top N matches. The matches are scored using one of several methods, all using
DTW. The default method will run DTW on the highs, lows, and close, and return the average, with double weight on the
close (hlc4). 

The top matches can be viewed using the widget, plotted with Tradingview lightweight charts. Also, projection bands
can be plotted, using the average of the top matches.

These main entrypoint is the Jupyter notebook `notebooks\search.ipynb`.

## Project Organization
This project was initially generated using the [Cookiecutter Data Science](https://cookiecutter-data-science.drivendata.org) 
template, then trimmed down.

```
├── LICENSE            <- Open-source license if one is chosen
├── Makefile           <- Makefile with convenience commands like `make data` or `make train`
├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
├── data
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks.
│   └── search.py      <- search.py the main app.
├── pyproject.toml     <- Project configuration file with package metadata for 
│                         market_span_cluster and configuration for tools like black
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                         generated with `pip-compile requirements.in`
└── market_span_cluster   <- Source code for use in this project.
```

--------
